Demo needs:
  Two GM'd Games
    1) Blank, with instructions on adding/removing players and editing the game.
    2) Sample - Chess.

  Four Played Games
    1) Walkthrough
      Bottom Message: "Please scroll to top and follow along."
      Other messages should explain features
        1: Asset Toolbar:
          The asset toolbar contains image assets that can be dragged onto
          the game board, centered at the eventual cursor.

          The field at the top allows you to filter assets.
          Some assets are very large, and the initial load may take a while.

          Instructions: Search for main hall, drag it to map.

        2: Mode -> select
          Select means drag-and-drop only. You can manipulate assets within
          the current layer and pull an asset to a different layer.

          Unfilled squares can be hard to select - click the edges.

          Instructions: Move the main hall around.


        3: Layers
          Members of map layer render under member of token layer. Within
          layers, the last one moved/placed is on top. Selecting an asset
          and toggling layers brings it along for the ride. Hit escape to
          deselect an asset.

          Instructions: select main hall (green outline), toggle layer
          to map. Deselect, toggle back. Try to move the hall.

          Drag a few "token" assets onto the main hall.

        4: Mode -> draw
          Drag and drop creates rectangles. You can select the border
          color by clicking the field under the "line color" heading.

          Instructions: Draw a colored rectangle.

        5: Draw Mode
          Outline -> Boxes only
          Solid -> you can select the fill color just like the border color.

          Instructions: Draw a filled rectangle

        6: Chat
          Hitting enter with text in the chat field will upload a message.
          You can roll dice with /roll.

          Instructions: try a few /roll commands.

    2) Torn Tapestry
      It's got a decent writeup. If they care to read, it shows non-tech
      writing.

    3) PFS 7-00
      Draw "city square" with rectangles. Populate with tokens.

    4) PFS 7-03
      Main Hall Map.



  Created, but unpopulated games for connected players.
